# Web-App-Prototype
DECO3100 A3 Web App Prototype
I first planned the data structure and determined what data types needed to be used. This was achieved by creating a Data Table in A2.
- After that, I used Visual Studio Code, the code editor. I then created a basic HTML file containing some of the required content. After that, I started writing the front-end JavaScript code: I first started writing the cards section. This used what I had learned in the previous weeks, i.e. writing content to HTML via JS. Then I started trying to implement the "See a list of items previously added, with a summary of relevant data" step. I found that to do it,  I first needed to set up local storage in the browser. After that, I added a delete button for the card and the corresponding function. Finally, I enabled the user to get all the relevant information when clicking on the card via a button.
I used Node.js to set up the minimal backend. I use GitHub to control all versions. After that, I tested it on devices with different screen sizes, adding additional CSS responsive design. After I finished everything, I started writing this document now.
Hello, future developers. I'm glad you've take over the prototype. It is significant to track motion data. Currently, I get the user data through input boxes in HTML and process them in js. Please stop limiting yourself to using local storage. Try an online server to store user information and add functionality to allow users to modify their cards. Finally, I hope you make the site pretty to compensate for my regret.
#Gammarly was used
